Daniel Guerrero: Hello.
Daniel Guerrero: Hello, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, go find somewhere to settle in. I'm kind of doing some last a couple little bites here. I don't want to eat right in front of you.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, I'm, I apologize.
Daniel Guerrero: Which one
Gwenevere Abriel: To find a place for that phone to rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Set up little book in front of it, or some kind of way to profit. And if you can try to get an eye contact level. So you and I are having this engagement I level, not too bad. Kind of like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So while I'm kind of chewing. Here, why don't I listen to you kind of update me on what you liked about this week and maybe some stuff you didn't like so much
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: you're muted.
Daniel Guerrero: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear you now. Go ahead.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, this week, it went pretty good so far.
Daniel Guerrero: I've been trying to
Daniel Guerrero: I've been trying to practice, you know, a lot of like keeping cool you know like
Daniel Guerrero: Not trying to be so.
Daniel Guerrero: So aggravated all the time.
Daniel Guerrero: I catch myself, you know, getting aggravated at times and I just like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, try to, you know, slow down and do the box breathing a little bit more
Daniel Guerrero: And then
Daniel Guerrero: But for the most part I, you know, I've been having a pretty good week. You know, I've been
Daniel Guerrero: I've been trying to stay more focused at work.
Daniel Guerrero: Even though I'm really like getting irritable in my job.
Daniel Guerrero: But I've been I'm just looking at the positive about my job is because without my job. I can't pay my bills. So that's like a positive that that keeps me going there.
Daniel Guerrero: On the positive is like without my job. I can't, you know, provide for my children so
Daniel Guerrero: The net
Daniel Guerrero: Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me about the irritability or what is it a person like
Tell me about the room.
Daniel Guerrero: It's just, it's more
Daniel Guerrero: It's more the boss, then, did anybody else because
Daniel Guerrero: Now, sometimes I just I just feel like I'm worth more than what he's paying me
Daniel Guerrero: Because I do a lot. I do a lot of the work you know like and
Daniel Guerrero: I just feel like I'm worth more than what he's paying me
Daniel Guerrero: But I'm thankful for what I'm getting you know I'm thankful for, for what I do get paid.
Daniel Guerrero: And I started doing the math. You know, when
Daniel Guerrero: Something's not adding up because
Daniel Guerrero: On a weekend.
Daniel Guerrero: On a on a on this for an example, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Daniel Guerrero: I get eight hours a day that's that's 24 hours.
Daniel Guerrero: And at $10 an hour.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: It's 240 bucks. Okay. That happens twice a week. So, and twice a week.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, that's like 480 books.
Yeah where's
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. But see, that's just, that's just it. And other than that I'm making an extra
Daniel Guerrero: Hundred and 50 bucks. And that's it. That's all I'm making all my checks, is you know 500 and almost $600 every two weeks. That's not any money.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you you were in total agreement only differences and I'm just jumping in here. This doesn't mean this is really your point and just struck me
Gwenevere Abriel: You you
Gwenevere Abriel: can earn more money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably in a different job now when you signed on with this guy, like it or not, you probably agreed on the rate of $10. Is that right,
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, I'm actually when I, when I first got hired with them. I started at 850
Daniel Guerrero: So I've been, and we'll see, I've made it this far in about seven months.
Daniel Guerrero: Uh huh. I've made it $1 50 raised about seven months.
Daniel Guerrero: Eight months about and what the deal is, is that
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know if I'm just being selfish or what but my mom is like you gotta be thankful. You have a job, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: But okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a phrase that I think matches you and you are under employed. I told you that you are an intelligent charismatic your grasp of language is so like just like because you've been in management.
Gwenevere Abriel: it your way of speaking is so professional, you can. Aside from this record of yours, which is a real inconvenience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could go anywhere. I mean, you, you, you really truly do you have this tone of grace. Your way of speaking. I just think that would not be an issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no doubt you are what we would call right in the in this field underemployed, which means you're in a job that isn't really capitalizing in all of your skills. Okay. And you're not at your earning potential. It's not this guy's fault, this may not be the place for you.
Daniel Guerrero: Right. And I've been taking it. You know, I've been like, I remember last time I told you I had been working on that resume.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I had been doing that.
Daniel Guerrero: I also called I got so caught up the college and so on the 30th of the March we have, I have to go do some testing for three days or four days.
Daniel Guerrero: I guess they're going to see like
Daniel Guerrero: Where am I, where am I at, you know, I guess I do these like math and then like
Daniel Guerrero: Placement. There you go.
Daniel Guerrero: So I'm going to do that on the 30th. So
Daniel Guerrero: I'm really hoping that I want to get my GED and but like I want to get my GED, so I can try to do something, you know, positive, you know, because you know most places now they asked for a GED, you know, and, and, like,
Daniel Guerrero: I want to get a better job. So I'm waiting for
Daniel Guerrero: I got like two and a half years left and I can get my CTO, so that's
Daniel Guerrero: That's basically what I'm trying to do is is kind of just make it for these two and a half more years. And so I can get a CDO
Daniel Guerrero: So I can drive for a four major trucking company because they've already recruited me. But what's holding me is that the felony is still
Daniel Guerrero: Under 10 years okay the initial charges under 10 years
Daniel Guerrero: BUT WHEN I CAUGHT THE CHARGE. I wasn't charged for it until 2013 so it still makes it under 10
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so, like, so when I got caught when I got caught with the possession
Daniel Guerrero: I went to court and everything, but they didn't actually charge me with it until like august of 2013
Daniel Guerrero: So that's when the felony stuck was in at that time. So for three years, almost two and a half years. I was on the streets, you know, working going to court going to court going to court.
Daniel Guerrero: Then finally,
Daniel Guerrero: They send it to me on that charge. Go, go, go.
Daniel Guerrero: But, um, so that's what's making it an issue today.
Daniel Guerrero: Go.
Daniel Guerrero: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great that you followed through with the placement testing. Where are you going, what what school is that
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, yeah, that's a club. Is that close community college that CCC that you and I talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said the 30th. But there's there's no 30th. Is it that it's on Monday, March.
Daniel Guerrero: Is it understood. YEAH, IT'S MARCH 30 oh
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay. All right.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, because they already had, like,
Daniel Guerrero: They had already registered
Daniel Guerrero: So we have to wait for them to to register again. So that's why I had to wait till March 30
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I want to hear. Because here's what might happen, right. It can get a little
Gwenevere Abriel: sketchy. If
Gwenevere Abriel: You're looking at your boss expecting him to continue on a raise, sort of situation if it hasn't been agreed on. So what's where's the miscommunication is
Daniel Guerrero: That although it has been agreed on. Right.
Daniel Guerrero: He told me that when he gave me this race.
Daniel Guerrero: Just to give them a couple months or a few more months and that he would get me, you know, up to where I want it to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready, one,
Daniel Guerrero: Will be honest, I want to be at least at 1112
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple means to in my language, a few means three
Daniel Guerrero: And what I've been pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Fortunate to hear from him. What that expectation was
Daniel Guerrero: Right, because there hasn't been hasn't been like, so it's been like at 50 cents at a time. Right, but it's been 50 cents at a time for an example, three months or two and a half months at 50 cents at a time.
Daniel Guerrero: And it's just it just frustrates me. This is the only frustration that I have is because I'm
Daniel Guerrero: At my job. I do I do about
Daniel Guerrero: 80%
Daniel Guerrero: Of the kitchen work.
Daniel Guerrero: And I'm not recognized for it. I had a big I begged him for a day off.
Daniel Guerrero: In the middle of the week for Saturday, right, because my family and I, we want to go to Lubbock, Texas. I don't know if you know or love books at
Gwenevere Abriel: All but is it for fun. We're going to go have some
Daniel Guerrero: Fun. Right. Well, my mom lives there.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: So that's where we want to. I swear I want to go.
Daniel Guerrero: But I don't I'm only off on Sundays. Right. And so I'm like,
Daniel Guerrero: I asked him for Saturday.
Daniel Guerrero: Like, what can I have Saturday and Sunday off or Sunday. We're closed so I said I need Saturday off.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I want to go to Lubbock will see my wife and my son also work at my job.
Daniel Guerrero: He's like, well, I'll give you up, but I can't give them off.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't like really
Daniel Guerrero: And then my daughter is a fatness there.
Daniel Guerrero: And he's like, he went ahead and instead of just, you know, letting all three of them because they all three work during the daytime. My wife, my daughter and my son.
Daniel Guerrero: And instead of letting my daughter. Go ahead and work. He gave her the day off to, well, he didn't give my wife and my son a day off, but because I work in the afternoon he was able to cover the afternoon shift right but he couldn't cover the daytime shift.
Daniel Guerrero: And so I figured it would be the same for not covering the daytime shift is covering a fountain shift.
Daniel Guerrero: But he went ahead and gave my daughter off. Well, she only gets two days a week because he goes to high school, right. She's a, she's a sophomore in high school.
Daniel Guerrero: And I don't want her working more than, you know, few hours a day.
Daniel Guerrero: Because to me, her education is important because I don't have one. So I strive for them to have one right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Daniel Guerrero: Thank you. And so
Daniel Guerrero: But you know, it's like
Daniel Guerrero: But I'm already comfortable. So, I'm afraid. Like if I go to some results and expect
Daniel Guerrero: And then I don't get what I'm expecting, then it may turn into a situation to where I become an employee. I know, right. And so that's why I stay. That's what I stay there. I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you were this manager. How would get the shift covered what Bonnie's what staff would cover it for that Saturday and Sunday.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, you know, um,
Daniel Guerrero: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would do it if your family wasn't there.
Daniel Guerrero: Nobody, nobody could
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's a pickle right there's there's one really negative challenge, right. Um, another one has to do with this piece, you just talked about. I'm doing these things. Right. Are you overdoing hoping that that will get the attention from him.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh no, because I'm you know i i have one level that I try to stay on.
Daniel Guerrero: I said I set a standard for myself. I don't care what anybody else is doing, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I work hard for myself. I don't work. You know, I work hard, because you know I went, I went to what I'm trying to lead by example. You know, I'm trying to be the example you know that everybody needs to follow, but
Daniel Guerrero: I got a couple of guys that works for me that are, you know, under the age of 27 you know so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Amen. And I take that I take that into a real high consideration on like your youngster, you know, oh man. No, you're not a man you you still got about two and a half more years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Statistic center. So, okay, all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, rewind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, what did you like about What didn't you like and what you're doing is you're struggling with, right, you obviously want more money coming in, but you're also talking about you're putting all of this energy into this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know you're saying, No, I don't expect anything in return. But notice how you said, I do 880 percent
Daniel Guerrero: Of the kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you know out to me that doesn't i do i do 100% of the kitchen work like doesn't have any meaning. What does that mean to you like like.dot.so what like what does that mean to you.
Um,
Daniel Guerrero: Well you know I like I like doing. I am a cook, you know, inside you know deep inside of me, I'm a cook. So it's like, no, it's not really
Daniel Guerrero: It's not really that hard, you know,
But
Daniel Guerrero: It's more of the labor part I guess that I'm doing. I'm like,
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I don't know, you probably never worked in fast food before restaurant because
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, but like when you're working in the kitchen. You know there's there's a bunch of like
Daniel Guerrero: Besides cooking, you know, there's dishes to be washed my being, you know, cleaning that needs to be done. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: So I do a lot of that. I do a lot of the
Daniel Guerrero: Good part of it without question without without argument without
Daniel Guerrero: You know something just to me. It's an immediate. Yes, sir. No, sir. I got you.
Daniel Guerrero: Right on it you know type deal
Daniel Guerrero: I just feel like that. Maybe I'm not being
Daniel Guerrero: I just feel like I'm being taken. You know, like I never say for granted. I'm just feel like I'm talking, you know, like advantage of because
Daniel Guerrero: Well, he'll do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, Daniel. Stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is tricky. If you go in today, tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing. Let's call it, we're actually going to call it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to call it 100% if you see something that needs to be done. Done. You will go do it. You just will
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need to be asked if this needs to be filled. This needs to be cleaned this needs to be replenished. And you're just going to go to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get price for it and you don't get compensation money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what I'm hearing you saying this is pretty common for people, they're blaming the boss for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember earlier I said you're upset because you want to be seen for what you're doing. You said, No, no, no, I'm doing because I want to be. I'm trying to set an example let's rewind a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not your family well
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott funny family is working there but your boss is not your family. So there's no law right there's no love on the line there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a job when
Gwenevere Abriel: I do this, I do this, I do this, and I do this. And for that, I get this compensation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to take a look at whether you were hoping that if you do hear this really great stellar right 100% guy, something needs to be done, that you will get
Gwenevere Abriel: Compensation for it. I mean, think about it. Do you only want to. Oh, good boy, you're such a great employee or do you want a higher paycheck for it.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I need a higher paycheck.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our fans. We want to thank you, our family. Those that's where we get our praise.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where it feels good, but at work. We're not there to get a hug. Okay. We're there to pay our bills.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just notice how your phrasing was wanting to blame him for being taken advantage of.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't asked to do those things you did it with an expectation, it would be acknowledged and the compensation would be there.
Daniel Guerrero: And I know this stuff is
Gwenevere Abriel: Super hard to hear. But you do decide whether you want to do that. Hundred percent or you want to reel it in. So you're not angry and resentful, and all of those feelings packed up about to pop off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, like can't take it anymore. You know your I'm feeling exploited. I don't want you to get to that point, either.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if it means that you you're like lots of choices. You can either be real clear with him say listen without being asked. I'ma tell you these are the 10 things I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: My checks not reflecting it. I'm going to turn all of like all those that that's about a, you know, about seven hours extra work that I'm doing a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not being reflected in the compensation. I'm going to be doing this with it. Instead, so I'm just going to make you know be turning. I don't know what the task is I'll just be sticking with reorganizing this thing is that's part of what you're paying before
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we could negotiate a pay increase because I, I'm happy to continue with these activities. But who do you know, who do you think's going to come in and do it like, what's this, what's your boss's name.
Daniel Guerrero: Newsletter Lance
Gwenevere Abriel: Lance That's funny. My name is pointed here. So, all right. Um, so, Lance Lance
Gwenevere Abriel: Lance Lance a lot. So, Lance.
Lance is loving it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Daniel Guerrero: Did you say Sir Lancelot
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: That was pretty funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. My name is going to be or so Knights of the Round Table and King Arthur and Lady, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so my hair. Um, so basically got Lance, and he's like, this is great. I got this great employee and I don't need to pay him a lot of money. And we have this really loose arrangement.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have
A choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you got a lot of choices. One of them that happened to be thinking of right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you can sit down with them and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm actually doing more than what we agreed on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, are you willing to compensate me for that or ask Sarah Fred or Benny to do those tasks and pay them or would you like to sort of compensate me for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I realize, you know, I'm not getting compensated for it is pulling from my my time elsewhere. So that's it. You can truly define what the job is and say this is this is this is I think a reasonable compensation for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you don't do 100% you only do at you pull back because watch, believe it or not, this is really hard for people to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Your and I'm saying it's slow you're reinforcing
Gwenevere Abriel: Lance every time you keep working for nothing that extra work in the kitchen and refilling things and cleaning and all that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: The shaping of behavior. You're telling Lance you'll do it for free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is really tricky. Daniel only, you know, the nuance of being in that relationship about whether
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to do those extra little things in order to continue to get this 50 cent piece this this increase only you know that i don't know that I'm completely I'm out of it. Right. You will register the truth of that environment you to write, you're in it so you know what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't want you to feel trapped. You're a participant in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say to me kind of this. I feel stuck, they're trapped afraid to say goodbye. Well, what if there's a period of unemployment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's, that's why you're tolerating what you're tolerating
Gwenevere Abriel: My getting
Gwenevere Abriel: The main point.
Daniel Guerrero: I get it. Yeah, you know, because I have I have bills to do every two weeks. You know, I have I have set up a system that were some of my bills are due every two weeks. Okay. And so I've been doing that for the past eight months, you know that these bills are due on
Daniel Guerrero: Every two weeks. And if they're not paid for, then there's a chance. It's going to be my car is going to be talking
Daniel Guerrero: You know, or, you know, some of the things that I have in my house. You know, I had to go to, you know about my, my kid some really nice furniture and stuff but um
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and I started you know getting down that focused, you know, started get on the right track again.
Daniel Guerrero: And so there's something I don't want to lose.
Daniel Guerrero: All right, can I
Daniel Guerrero: Can I find another job within two weeks. I think I could if I put my energy into it. Okay, but I don't have that time, right. So, because I'm at home I you know we sometimes we take turns taking the kids to school in the morning.
Daniel Guerrero: And after that.
Daniel Guerrero: I worked from two o'clock to 10 o'clock.
Daniel Guerrero: Every day, six days a week and I'm bringing home 550 bucks every two weeks.
Daniel Guerrero: And it's to me. It's not worth it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes when people are on a pre trial release probation. I don't think you are. You're not on any kind of supervision of any kind, but those offices. Do you still have a decent connection with a with a prior to you have a good relationship.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I think I
Gwenevere Abriel: called him up and be like, look, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm having a hard time finding employers that will take me on. I'm looking for, you know, 12 to $15 an hour deal here supporting this many kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of employers that you tend to refer your supervisors to that are kind of bonded because that's sometimes what what a
Gwenevere Abriel: Drug Court or something will do, they'll, they'll go out in the community and they'll tell certain employers, they'll say, Listen, I've got some felony folks there offenders, but they're good. I can vouch for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to send Daniel over
Gwenevere Abriel: And they may have a list of organizations that welcome felons felony record folks like you. And even if that conversation isn't isn't the one you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah, maybe. Maybe that's a little I only I only send the people that have supervising okay okay well what would you suggest keep maybe. Hey, do you know anyone who might know
Gwenevere Abriel: Because, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Stocking being able to stop ization whether it's Walmart or it's $1 tree or something.
Daniel Guerrero: And that's something I did do. I went, I went to Walmart and I had, I put in the application. I went to the just like first little session.
Daniel Guerrero: Interview. I made it to the second interview I got my orientation papers ready. I mean, I was I was set. I know we're gonna do. We're going to start me off for like 13 at an hour at Walmart.
Daniel Guerrero: And then I just get this email and the email telling me that I'm under qualified for the position.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't think that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I just don't
Daniel Guerrero: I just like so I call Walmart and they're just like
Daniel Guerrero: Well, he received an email, you need to follow up with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we did say
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: There's so many things to talk about. Are you going to be able to manage that piece around
Gwenevere Abriel: The anger with with Lance, knowing that you have some choice you can stop doing all that extra work. You can also have a conversation with them if you want it to and say, I'm really struggling. I want to keep this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we move that that extra dollar up so that I'm not struggling so much or however you want to have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can spend time talking about that. Go look at your resume together. Remember I said we were going to kind of work really sort of distinctly and objectively task oriented. We can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, but we can go in lots of different directions. If you're, if the message to me today is I'm about to punch the guy I got to hear that because I don't want you to lose choice and option and freedom.
Daniel Guerrero: How close are you. Oh, I'm not
Oh, no.
Daniel Guerrero: That wasn't even a thought, you know, my thought process was like I could we do something else with my time, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: On the cool like
Daniel Guerrero: From eight from from Ada from two o'clock to 30 to 10 it's only 70 bucks. I'm not losing anything on the cool you know 70 bucks 30 bucks I
Daniel Guerrero: Won't be honest and please forgive me, but like I wipe my ass for 70 bucks, literally, because that's what I buy toilet paper, a month.
I
Daniel Guerrero: Mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand what you're saying.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay and so
Daniel Guerrero: I'm thinking just like take a day off. And, you know, go look for a job, you know, I'm not going in. Today, I'm going to go look for something better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: There may already be some time in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember this hour that we have carved out here you go in. Is there any way that you could do some job hunting either on Sunday or
During. That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you can you really push for that for yourself.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I do. I do.
Daniel Guerrero: Every day, I'm on. I'm on the phone, putting in an application and I'm just waiting, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: But like everything is done online nowadays all applications and then
Daniel Guerrero: I call these places. They're like, Oh, well, we're having technical difficulties with receiving the applications or ours, our hardware is not needing a purse. There's always something. There's always something
Daniel Guerrero: And just
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, okay.
Daniel Guerrero: That's, that's why I'd say that's why I'm saying, like, Dale, my hands are tied. So now I have to go to this job where I'm unhappy and
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and bust my ass there for him. You know what I mean.
Daniel Guerrero: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I do know. And let me just say it's an and it's it that I need to go to continue to have an income, it's not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: A nd
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm continuing to aggressively look for somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. The problem thinking is, I'm trapped. I'm stuck. I'll go nowhere and I'll always be like this. Those are the problem thoughts. Okay.
Right.
Daniel Guerrero: So be
Gwenevere Abriel: Really careful with yourself. This is temporary. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That if you continue doing what you're doing two and a half years is going to pass it is going to pass those two and a half years are going to pass. And what do you want to be doing and who do you want to be and a half years, the guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That ends up back in custody, not with their family. We know for sure that's not it.
Daniel Guerrero: That's not. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's real clear but
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everyone's really clear about that. They start to self sabotage and end up going
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, you're clear about that. Two and a half years. You can do this. You can tough it out two and a half years. But it's that it's going to stay like this and I'm trapped is the problem thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've literally, you've got to push that negative thought aside and get right back into just like you said, I'm going to have to when I see a window to
Gwenevere Abriel: To grab some time some extra time to face to face, go to a gas station to, uh, you know, I don't know what your skill sets are, whether it's a car shop or whatever it is and interact with people because let me tell you something that's all fine and good. We're, we're looking at resumes online.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're winning, you're gonna win. Enter personally, you're just you're gonna win. What's the right once people get past that link.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as
Daniel Guerrero: You're talking
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be the one they want
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's what I was really hoping for, you know, when I was
Daniel Guerrero: Went to go play McDonald. I mean,
Daniel Guerrero: Mama, mama right and and the lady that I spoke to. I mean, she did. She looked right past it. She's like,
Daniel Guerrero: Because I had went to go get a haircut. Right. Well, they had messed up on my hair as, like, oh, I couldn't stand it. So I shaved my head right
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I don't know if you can see it on the screen but i'm i'm blasted you know all over my head. You know, so, and I was just like, Man, I hope she just, you know, see all this and you know what she didn't
Daniel Guerrero: And
Daniel Guerrero: So to me, I thought her and I had a good connection as far as a boss employee hire you know let's get started, let's do this. Let's move you up and then it's like it didn't happen so
Daniel Guerrero: That was
Daniel Guerrero: That was a real bummer. You know, for not only for myself, but for my family because there was like, Oh, Dad, you're gonna be working at Walmart Dad That's cool. Oh, yeah. And then, boom.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you don't. It is disappointing and you can't sit there for long. You've got to go to what wasn't the right timing and frankly, I might have just missed
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurricane a nightmare. I could have ended up having, you know, a drug dealing, boss. That was swinging in the back of the store, you don't know what you just missed. You're not God, neither am I.
Gwenevere Abriel: That door was not meant for you. But what you did get was you know this to be true when you meet someone right you click keep in that mindset I gotta, I gotta get face to face with people. I've got to go in, where I want to work and say, Listen, I know I've got this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some organizations like let's say it's a restaurant or something like that, you'll say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me start as a buzzer. I'll work this hour. At this rate, just to show you what kind of employee. I've got to get these I've got a
Gwenevere Abriel: Tech shooting it straight about the two and a half years I all make a compensation backwards that sale take less for done it amount of time. But then I want this. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're gonna win over people if you're face to face with them. I mean, I could definitely see working out. I mean, do you have anything you're you're in Clovis, it's a small place right
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, it's pretty small.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um, where are you thinking of going
Walking in
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Because I'm already in I because I'm already in the field of management. I don't want to. I mean, I would, I, I've already told myself I wouldn't mind coming in, into a place and starting at the bottom and working my way back up.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I'm capable of it. And I know you know and I'm not trying to, like, you know, all or nothing but I'm that fucking good. You know,
Daniel Guerrero: I am and
Daniel Guerrero: So I know, I know what I can do.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, there's always been. And there's always opportunities and different places, you know, for that are paying their managers way better than what I'm getting paid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, oh my gosh, yes.
You know,
Daniel Guerrero: And and that's
Daniel Guerrero: That's kind of what I want to do. I want to go into somewhere where I can step in, not if not step into the management team maybe get put on some probation.
Daniel Guerrero: To be put on the management team, you know, maybe like a 90 day probation period or
Daniel Guerrero: You know 30 day probation or, you know, okay, we're going to bring you in. Can you learn the paperwork and once you learn the paperwork. Can you manage, can you manage the crew and then we'll move forward. You know, so that's something I really want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: When I was talking to about the the licensed and bonded stuff from a parole or probation organization like What struck you about that, that that's like a no go for you because you kind of didn't entertain it much like what are your thoughts on that don't want to call them what
Daniel Guerrero: Oh no, I don't mind.
Daniel Guerrero: I wouldn't mind calling them in and asking for, you know, employment, help, I wouldn't mind at all because
Daniel Guerrero: WHY DON'T KNOW, I KIND OF
Daniel Guerrero: It's kind of, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed that the only reason why I say that because I have a lot of clients that are being supervised okay and
Daniel Guerrero: Right, and that
Gwenevere Abriel: Number, you're bringing in is low. So you're on point with this isn't matching like I should be making more and I agree. I agree. But it's not like angry at boss like that was we started at eight like that was the agreement. So it's almost like this.
Daniel Guerrero: This places.
Gwenevere Abriel: are tired of this place. Maybe it's somewhere else to go.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, because he asked me at the, at the very first interview, he was asking me, like, Well, you know what, what, how much money are you looking for and I said I want 10 bucks. Yeah. To start, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: I know because I told him, I said, I'm that good you know that I want 10 books to start and then we can move up from there.
Daniel Guerrero: And where they call me back in like what was such an 850 and move you up from there. And so now that I made 10 books he's like well, isn't this what you originally wanted was 10
Daniel Guerrero: Right and so
Daniel Guerrero: So it's like down. Yeah, you're right. That's what I said.
Daniel Guerrero: But I said that to start
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. You said it was a start. So let's just say this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where you're going to, you're going to show up your kind of keep the toilet paper and the basic foods coming into the house out. That's all this is, this is just a temporary thing and you'll continue to look elsewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: My message is don't get yourself into that that negative thinking that this is your future. This is all that's available to you. This is temporary. If what you have to do with this is say this is just a test.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just a test to see if I'm going to go back to that old life. This is is the universe just testing me. What will I do with this. These are your choices. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not think about it like that, instead of it's hopeless right all always kind of have this limited resource and access to things to do. My concern is, I don't want for you to have the negative thinking that can lead to depression acting out in anger and substance use. That's my concern.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just don't want that bad. So I think, I think you've got some great ideas here, you really get that that meeting people face to face. Um, so what do you need for me. What do you want for me as far as what we can do to sort of continue moving forward. How can I be out here in Florida.
Daniel Guerrero: How can I help you out here in Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: So basically I know all I know.
Daniel Guerrero: When
Gwenevere Abriel: My point i
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to make. I can show it. I can look at it and I can say, yeah, let's use a fancy word here or this phrase or this grammar or something. We can go real time stuff. Um, do you want to put it in front of me. You want to take a picture of it, send me a text. What do you want to do.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I had filled out I had done, I had do the resume.
Daniel Guerrero: I remember, I don't know how to upload it from my phone onto the
Daniel Guerrero: Application right because because it says I have to have a certain type of app. I guess it's called like a BF a BS.
Daniel Guerrero: I can't remember the name of it. At this time, but so I tried to upload it from my phone to that because it says it's oh BCF compatible or something. But my phone won't upload it. So I'm wondering if I need to go down there to
Daniel Guerrero: Get on my Gmail, the library and upload it from the computer. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You just found it. That's it. Okay, so when the library that's that's that's. That sounds like a great idea.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, there's something about a playground most definitely do today what my wife goes to work at 1030 and my hands are pretty much free until two so
Gwenevere Abriel: So library. So getting over to the library doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know anyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Who could hook you up with
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a connection to working somewhere, even for, you know, a few months just to sort of get you through this period.
Of
Daniel Guerrero: Thing.
Daniel Guerrero: I honestly don't.
Daniel Guerrero: I KEEP I KEEP I KEEP MY circle pretty small and tight and so
Daniel Guerrero: Right now. Right now my, I bet a limited limited
Daniel Guerrero: You know resources for like money.
Daniel Guerrero: Because I
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I've already. I've already been that other way, you know, and
Daniel Guerrero: That's all I know. That's all I know is the streets. I know, right. So, but I'm doing 100% just stay away from the streets because I know industries, I end up in prison and most definitely is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there $1 tree or dollar store out there where you are.
Daniel Guerrero: There's both, but because I'm a felon.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know but i i know employees that have worked for dollar tree.
Gwenevere Abriel: With felony record. So that went out. Okay, I don't know the pay and they can be real jerks as bosses.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm just, I'm looking at some of the people that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, obviously the landscaping. There's no one, you know, that could, you could kind of join in and doing that kind of thing on the short term, no one to do some landscaping.
Was yeah
Daniel Guerrero: I have a friend that has his own business. Well, it's kind of like his own construction company. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: But he said he's not when I talked to him about a day for yesterday. He said he's not going to be hiring until you know mid April, you know, maybe may
Daniel Guerrero: Summertime, you know, okay, well, that sort of thing. Picks back up, you know, construction, everything's just it's it's starting to pick up you know it started to be the days are starting to be more sunny down here in New Mexico.
Daniel Guerrero: And but also we still have those West Texas weather where it's raining wind is blowing snow in it and
Daniel Guerrero: It's always jacked up up here, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about, um, do you have any of those sort of handyman skills. Is that something you could post maybe on marketplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, man. You do certain trade skills.
Daniel Guerrero: Something like that, or you know there's something, there's something that I had done was
Daniel Guerrero: On the side is I've always done landscaping. You know, I've always had a good law more weed eater, you know, rake something so that's something that I've always done. So that's something that I most definitely want to start be doing
Daniel Guerrero: here pretty soon did
Daniel Guerrero: You know, from eight o'clock in the morning to two o'clock in the afternoon. Now, if I can get three yards doing two yards done you know that's an extra maybe hundred bucks.
Daniel Guerrero: So that's something I'm definitely going to be trying to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to look through some of the people here that what they're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may only have a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Right path together and then you may have an opportunity to a little bit of construction work. So it's not as catastrophic right as years of having to tolerate this
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say just focusing on
Daniel Guerrero: The next
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to the library. If the Gmail. Get that thing uploaded fill yourself interacting with people if there happens to be $1 tree on your way. And when you're going are you wearing
Gwenevere Abriel: A color shirt and you know how to dress, right, all that business.
Daniel Guerrero: Yes. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I figured I didn't mean to at
Gwenevere Abriel: All. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't mean to.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, me personally I'd be calling, I'd be calling a PO
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be calling because when I go online, because I look a lot and i i looked at. Here's a website that says, you know,
Organizations that exact
Gwenevere Abriel: Individuals felony records and when my client went to go check those out. If it didn't turn out to be as fruitful as she thought. So that was a little disappointing for her. So I'm reluctant to recommend that website again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But on your own. Have you looks like typed in organizations that employ
Daniel Guerrero: Yes, ma'am. I said, I have a felony. Where can I get a job, you know, kind of, you know, just at Google.
Daniel Guerrero: And a lot of these places came up like Burger King Dollar Tree.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, Sonic McDonald's those places did pop up, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I just, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The CTO, that's what you keep in
Mind, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not any harder than being in prison, it's not, you can do this. You can do it. It's just your pride. Just keep a close eye on on on on that pride. You can do it. You're not how much money you make, you're not the toys and the furniture.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were born exceptional and lovable and it has nothing to do with your possessions, you're going to have to just stay nice and close and tight to your faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it right
Gwenevere Abriel: It was we start to feel overwhelmed.
Daniel Guerrero: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you'll get your CDs well
Gwenevere Abriel: You already have a plan. And if you end up in you know you want to get GD you want to go back to school for something else you want to get your journey men's license or something, whatever you get to have those choices. You get to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You have
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, that's something that I, you know, when I first called for these places. It was about
Daniel Guerrero: Four months ago. So like four months has gone pretty quick. So that I'm something I'm holding on to so that away. Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I try not to look at the time, you know, but you know I look back at four months of like down that four months went by pretty quick. You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours, you can do. You can do it.
Daniel Guerrero: The next the next four months, you know, will be just as fast if not faster, like I just like where the days go and it's Thursday.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh my god.
Daniel Guerrero: It was like yesterday.
Daniel Guerrero: Yesterday, we're like setting up this appointment and then here we are back at it. So yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You told me it was Monday, I say, Okay, I'll see you Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Square. So it goes by so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right don't get two and a half years is a long time. No, it's the things right in front of you. Every time you want to drift off to worry about the future. Nope. I've already set my list for today and you just go do them.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you end up following
Gwenevere Abriel: Through right go into the library uploading that finding out from a probation or parole office. They have a list that maybe you could just check out
Gwenevere Abriel: really having a hard time. You don't want to write, go back to that old life kind of thing got these kids, I'm trying to get you to work the guilt trip thing and
Daniel Guerrero: What I do
Gwenevere Abriel: And anything. You know when you're in here if there's something that I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let me know, but I'm worried. I think you're going to end up getting you're going to be just fine. But that piece resentment of the of your boss.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, he, come on. He's playing he's playing
Gwenevere Abriel: A word game.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, and that's what and that's why you know it's funny that you say that is because
Daniel Guerrero: Before he speaks. He always like takes this time, you know, he's a he'll do like you're doing this number. Well,
Daniel Guerrero: I tell you what you don't like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't even play me right. You're like, I've done that, try a new one.
Daniel Guerrero: Dude,
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The key here. Right, this is not forever. This one's not forever. You're not going to be working there forever. So just go do your list of things you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need
Gwenevere Abriel: To send a message to your doctor about Medicaid or anything connected to
Daniel Guerrero: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're all the way to grow.
Daniel Guerrero: Right way to group right
Working
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, it's working because I'm seeing the pharmacist left less
Daniel Guerrero: You know, and then like before, when it was every couple days or every three days or four days it was all like all your stars like paying for it, Miss Guerrero, so
Daniel Guerrero: See you, like, you know, you know, because there's a long line behind me and I'm like, What do I really need to know tomorrow or the next day or whatever the case may be. So, and this helps us because Monday, I get it. Monday and it lasted me till one day, so it's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's schedule. Our next
Appointment
Gwenevere Abriel: Write down the things you need to do. And don't worry if I wrote them down, they must be important and urgent enough for me to not overanalyze you just knock out your list. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: And then they will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Over and you'll feel productive. You'll feel like I'm in my solution, right. You won't go into that sort of stinking thinking
What is. Today is Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 12 at nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, do you want it earlier any more of your day. What would be better.
Daniel Guerrero: I kind of like the nine o'clock is fine. I mean, because like between seven between seven and eight o'clock. It's pretty crazy in my house.
It's
Daniel Guerrero: going everywhere.
Daniel Guerrero: Daddy, daddy, and hear
Daniel Guerrero: Me. Oh, it's just a big chaos at seven o'clock in the morning to my house. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Nine o'clock, nine to 10 is perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's when our next appointment will be and then I'll get to see what group. The next time.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, so it's on the 12th at nine o'clock. Yes. Okay. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Be good to you.
Daniel Guerrero: All right, thank you. Have a good day. God bless you.